movimiento
Yes this is from the horse- Makoto where the innings matched with the pound
And my friend, Toko-san, who was doing Sweeping,
I met you here.
There was a man named Tokoya.
He was famous for his good figure.
He was a man of color.
I won't be angry if you say that.
Please do it.
What do you want?
I was surprised.
Tokoya is a very famous man.
I came here just five days ago.
I don't like to go home.
I'm a little crazy.
I'm sorry, but if you go home,
I'll take care of you.
I'm surprised.
Everyone's waiting.
Don't be angry.
I don't know when you'll be a man.
I'm not a man of honor.
Do you want me to do it?
I have a good night.
I'm going to do it.
You line up.
I can line up.
You are the leader.
I'm in line.
You're as bad as I am.
Why are you looking down?
You are so beautiful.
Your scarf.
When should I place it?
Don't do it.
I'm good.
I'm firm.
I Curry is long gone.
Is not interesting.
Your sister is not noticed.
I'll tell you what to do.
I'll do whatever you want.
I'll blow the whistle.
Fuduki Yoka is the best.
That's it.
I'll blow the whistle too.
Fuduki Yoka, Honoka, Touka...
What are you saying?
I'll blow the whistle.
And I'll be a hen under the whistle.
You're such a fool.
Thank you for watching.